Results section start (#44)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/Experiment.tex

Our evaluation results are based on the ranking order of these values.
When multiple baselines are combined, their document-value vectors are normalized and then added or multiplied together element-wise.
However, in this experiment we will not only test the ability to retrieve a specific document based on a query related to the document, but also the ability to retrieve relevant documents within a specific topic, generated by our topic model.

For each baseline, we evaluate the quality of its \gls{ir} for both queries generated based on documents (document queries) and queries generated based on topics (topic queries).
For topic queries, all documents with values higher than the mean of the topic's vector in the document-topic matrix $\theta_t$ are considered correct retrievals.
This also means that while document queries always only have one ground truth positive, topic queries can have several thousand (~1.000-10.000).
This makes it hard to compare on a single baseline.
However, it is still possible to compare these two results between multiple baselines.

For evaluation metrics/measures we use \gls{map}. 

> We also use $p @ n$ for the topic queries. \todo{describe what it is and how it is calculated}

Author: ```suggestion
We also use precision@10 and precision@100 for the topic queries. \todo{describe what it is and how it is calculated}
```

\section{Experiments}\label{sec:experiment}

The goal of our experiment is to test the quality of various \gls{ir} models and combinations of \gls{ir} models.

We test various combinations of the following baselines:
\begin{itemize}
	\item \gls{lm}
	\item \gls{lda}
	\item \gls{bm25}
	\item \gls{tf-idf}
	\item \gls{pr}

> 	\item \gls{ppr}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Jeg tænker at det bliver et appendix afsnit

\end{itemize}
\todo[inline]{clarify the difference between lda and this ir method based on lda. Maybe calling it reverse lda or something?}
\todo[inline]{add a small description of each baseline, especially the ones not described earlier in the paper}

> Each baseline will be given a query and based on that query produce a document-value vector with one value for each document indicating the relevance of the document based on the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each baseline will be given a query and produce a document-value vector, based on that query, with one value for each document indicating the relevance of that document.
```

Our evaluation results are based on the ranking order of these values.

> When multiple baselines are combined, their document-value vector are normalized and then added or multiplied together element-wise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple baselines are combined, their document-value vectors are normalized and then added or multiplied together element-wise.
```

> However, in this experiment we will not only test the ability to retrieve a specfic document based on a query related to the document, but also the ability to retrieve relevant documents within a specific topic, generated by our topic model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in this experiment we will not only test the ability to retrieve a specific document based on a query related to the document, but also the ability to retrieve relevant documents within a specific topic, generated by our topic model.
```

> For each baseline we evaluate the quality of it's \gls{ir} for both queries generated based on documents and queries generated based on topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each baseline, we evaluate the quality of its \gls{ir} for both queries generated based on documents (document queries) and queries generated based on topics(topic queries).
```

> For topic queries, all documents with values higher than the mean value in the topic's vector in the document-topic matrix $\theta_t$ are considered correct retrivals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For topic queries, all documents with values higher than the mean in the topic's vector in the document-topic matrix $\theta_t$ are considered correct retrievals.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For topic queries, all documents with values higher than the mean of the topic's vector in the document-topic matrix $\theta_t$ are considered correct retrievals.
```

> This also means that while document queries always only have one ground truth positive, topic queries can have several thousands (~1.000-10.000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also means that while document queries always only have one ground truth positive, topic queries can have several thousand (~1.000-10.000).
```

> This makes them hard to compare on a single baseline, however it is still possible to compare these two results between multiple baselines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it hard to compare on a single baseline however, it is still possible to compare these two results between multiple baselines.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This makes it hard to compare on a single baseline. However, it is still possible to compare these two results between multiple baselines.
```

> For evaluation metrics/measures we use \gls{map}. We also use $p @ n$ for the topic queries. However since document queries only contain one ground truth positive, $p @ n$ doesn't make much sense to show. Instead we show average ranking of the relevant document for document queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For evaluation metrics/measures we use \gls{map}. We also use $p @ n$ for the topic queries.
However since document queries only contain one ground truth positive, $p @ n$ doesn't make much sense to show. 
Instead, we show the average ranking of the relevant document for document queries.
```

Reviewer 2: Der skal også kort beskrives hvad p@n står for og hvordan det udregnes, hvis det ikke bliver gjort et andet sted.

> Each of these metrics are shown as the mean value for 80 queries of length 1 to 4, making a total of 320 queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these metrics are shown as the mean value for 80 queries of length 1 to 4, making a total of 320 queries(1\% of the entire document set).
```

> Document queries are all based on different documents. Topic queries can be based on the same topic, but will have high variance in the actual words used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Document queries are all based on different documents. 
Topic queries can be based on the same topic but will have a high variance in the actual words used.
```

> Specifially we hope to see whether \gls{lda} is able to improve the topic \gls{ir} when combined with other baselines and whether \gls{pr} algorithms operating on a graph build based on topic similarity is able to improve any results when combined with other baselines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, we hypothesize that the \gls{lda} is able to improve the topic \gls{ir} when combined with other baselines and whether \gls{pr} algorithms operating on a graph build based on topic similarity is able to improve any results when combined with other baselines.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifically, we hypothesize that the \gls{lda} is able to improve the topic \gls{ir} when combined with other baselines and that \gls{pr} algorithms operating on a graph built based on topic similarity is able to improve results when combined with other baselines.
```

> \subsection{Hyperparameters}\label{subsec:hyperparameters}

Author: this is not new, just moved.

Our evaluation results are based on the ranking order of these values.
When multiple baselines are combined, their document-value vectors are normalized and then added or multiplied together element-wise.
However, in this experiment we will not only test the ability to retrieve a specific document based on a query related to the document, but also the ability to retrieve relevant documents within a specific topic, generated by our topic model.

For each baseline, we evaluate the quality of its \gls{ir} for both queries generated based on documents (document queries) and queries generated based on topics (topic queries).
For topic queries, all documents with values higher than the mean of the topic's vector in the document-topic matrix $\theta_t$ are considered correct retrievals.
This also means that while document queries always only have one ground truth positive, topic queries can have several thousand (~1.000-10.000).
This makes it hard to compare on a single baseline.
However, it is still possible to compare these two results between multiple baselines.

> For evaluation metrics/measures we use \gls{map}. 

Reviewer 2: Kalder vi det measure eller metric?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For evaluation metrics, we use \gls{map}, precision@10, precision@100, and average hit. 
```

Reviewer 2: Bliver måske lidt underligt med de næste sætninger om p @ n.

Author: ```suggestion
For evaluation metrics we use \gls{map}. 
```

We also use $p @ n$ for the topic queries. \todo{describe what it is and how it is calculated}
However since document queries only contain one ground truth positive, $p @ n$ doesn't make much sense to show. 
Instead, we show the average ranking of the relevant document for document queries.

> Each of these metrics are shown as the mean value for 80 queries of length 1 to 4, making a total of 320 queries ($\sim1\%$ of the entire corpus).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of these metrics are shown as the mean value for 80 queries of length 1 to 4, making a total of 320 queries ($\sim 1\%$ of the entire corpus).
```
